MED-45 format changes 1st commit (#1628)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/lending/features/enhanced-cash-flow-migration.md

#### Legacy Endpoint

`POST /data/companies/{companyId}/assess/excel?reportType=enhancedCashFlow`

#### New Endpoint

`POST /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement`

#### Response Changes

The **response object will change** to the following:

```json
{
  "id": "6e9bae88-72c9-45ae-abe8-41fbf2871458",
  "status": "InProgress",
  "type": "categorizedBankStatement",
  "requestedDate": "2024-09-27T04:43:41Z",
  "updatedDate": "2024-09-27T04:43:41Z"
}
```

Refer to the [Generate Report API documentation](https://docs.codat.io/lending-api#/operations/generate-report) for more details.

### 2. Check Report Status

To determine when the report is complete, update your implementation to use the new status endpoint.

The response has been updated to return the full report metadata, including the report id, status, timestamps, and the report type.

#### Legacy Endpoint

`GET /data/companies/{companyId}/assess/excel?reportType=enhancedCashFlow`

#### New Endpoint

`GET /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement/latest/status`

#### Response Changes

> The response object is updated to:

Author: done

- Mapping of legacy Enhanced Cashflow endpoints to new ones
- Workflow updates required for the new report
  :::

## What you need to do

To prepare for the deprecation, you’ll need to update your application to use the Categorized Bank Statement endpoints in place of the Enhanced Cashflow ones.

To switch to the Categorized Bank Statement report we recommend an "expand/contract" strategy. 
Before you start your migration enable the new report in the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/developers/api-deprecations). Learn how to do that [here](https://docs.codat.io/configure/portal/developers).

Once enabled, you can run both the legacy and new endpoints in parallel, allowing for a phased transition before the deprecation deadline.

The steps below outline how each part of your existing workflow maps to the new implementation, with details on what’s changed and how to adapt.

### 1. Generate a report

To generate the report asynchronously, update your application logic to call the new endpoint in place of the legacy one. This triggers the orchestration process to fetch all required data for the report.

> **The response format has changed**. The new Categorized Bank Statement endpoint returns a simplified, structured object that includes the report id, status, and relevant timestamps.

Reviewer: Can we move this to the Response changes? 

I'd replace the 'The response object has changed' to 

```
The new Categorized Bank Statement endpoint returns a simplified, structured object that includes the report id, status, and relevant timestamps.
```

Author: added

`POST /data/companies/{companyId}/assess/excel?reportType=enhancedCashFlow`

#### New endpoint

`POST /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement`

#### Response changes

The **response object has changed**.

<details>
  <summary><b>Compare sample responses</b></summary>
<Tabs>
<TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy schema">

```json
{
  "lastGenerated": "2023-01-25T22:36:05.125Z",
  "inProgress": true,
  "queued": "2023-01-25T22:36:05.125Z",
  "success": true,
  "errorMessage": "string",
  "lastInvocationId": "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
  "reportType": "string",
  "fileSize": 0
}
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="new" label="New schema">

```json
{
  "id": "6e9bae88-72c9-45ae-abe8-41fbf2871458",
  "status": "InProgress",
  "type": "categorizedBankStatement",
  "requestedDate": "2024-09-27T04:43:41Z",
  "updatedDate": "2024-10-01T14:41:46Z"
}
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

| **Old schema property** | **New schema equivalent**                                                                                     |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `lastGenerated`         | ❌ Not available                                                                                               |

Reviewer: Nit comment but nice to have. Technically they can call the list reports endpoint and filter by reportType to retrieve previously generated reports.

#### Legacy endpoint

`GET /data/companies/{companyId}/assess/excel/download?reportType=enhancedCashFlow`

#### New endpoint

`GET /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement/latest/excel`

#### Response changes

There are **no changes** to the response. The endpoint will return an Excel file containing the report data as before.

Refer to the [Download report](https://docs.codat.io/lending-api#/operations/download-categorized-bank-statement-excel) API reference for more details.

### 4. Ensure the report generation is complete before querying data

The Categorized Bank Statement endpoints for accounts and transactions require the report to be fully generated before any data can be retrieved.

:::warning Important workflow update

Unlike the legacy endpoints, the new endpoints require that a report already exists and its status is `Complete` before you can request accounts or transactions data.

**Action Required** - Update your workflow to:

1. Call `POST /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement`

2. Confirm the report status is `Complete` before calling Categorized Bank Statement accounts or transactions endpoints.
:::

> You can determine whether the report has finished generating using one of the following methods:
> 
> 1. **Preferred: Subscribe to webhook events**
> 
>    `reports.categorizedBankStatement.generate.successful`
> 
>    This event is triggered when the report is generated successfully.
> 
>    For more details, see [Webhooks Overview](https://docs.codat.io/using-the-api/webhooks/overview)
> 
> 2. **Alternatively: Poll the status endpoint**
> 
>    `GET /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement/latest/status`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can determine whether the report has finished generating using one of the following methods:

1. **Preferred: Subscribe to webhook events**

   [`reports.categorizedBankStatement.generate.successful`](/lending-api#/webhooks/reports.categorizedBankStatement.generate.successful/post)

   This event is triggered when the report is generated successfully.

   For more details, see [Webhooks Overview](/using-the-api/webhooks/create-consumer)

2. **Alternatively: Poll the status endpoint**

   `GET /companies/{companyId}/reports/categorizedBankStatement/latest/status`
```
